What do you do when you're asked to reveal confidential information about a previous project or employer?
Now, a lot of times when companies ask you for confidential information, it's because they don't know
that it's confidential.
Sometimes it can be because they don't care.
Sometimes it can be because they're testing to see if you are the type that will reveal confidential
information.
Anything that any company your previous employer could be jeopardized from if it became public knowledge
is confidential information.
A lot of times technical documents, manuals, those are confidential and they're indicated on either
watermark or in the footer or the header.
The level of confidentiality company confidential, top level, top secret, things like that, or public
information.
It's up to you to know what you are revealing, and it's up to you to know whether what you're revealing
is confidential or not.
Now, if you know something is confidential instead of stonewalling, instead of telling your interviewer
that, Oh, no, I'm not going to do this, I'm not I don't care if that's confidential, say it politely.
After all, it's up to you also to build a positive relationship, and you have to say something along
the lines of, I wouldn't want to jeopardize the interests of my previous employer in the same way that
if you, as my boss, were to entrust me with confidential information, then you would trust that I
would not reveal that to someone else.
So I always act in the interest of the employer.
So acting under acting in their interest, I don't think it would be a good idea to reveal confidential
information.
And that's it.
Simple.